I see you gather before me hungry
terrified watching your babes to your
press Emperor Amir has marched his
legions into our lands laid siege to
every fortress from here to the Blue
Mountains rabid and ravenous he bites
and bites away men of the north you
stand at the precipice your Kings have
failed you so now you turn to the
goddess and yet you do not plead you do
not kneel to dust your heads with ash
instead you wail why have the gods
forsaken us we must look into the trials
we failed long ago in a time past our
world intertwined with another through
an upheaval scholars call the
conjunction of the spheres the gods
allowed unholy forces to slip into our
domain
the offspring of that Cataclysm was the
nefarious force called magic yet we did
not banish it instead studying the Fire
King for our own power and wealth and
the monsters at our door the unholy legs
of this conjunction the trolls the
corpse eaters the where
did we raise our swords against them I
have relayed this burden on others one
so-called witches stray children taught
the ways of foul sorcery their bodies
mutated through blasphemous ritual sent
to fight monsters though they could not
distinguish good from evil the flicker
of humanity long extinguished her within
them yes their numbers have dwindled
through the years but a few still roam
our lands offering their bloody work for
coin to this day that Sheamus with their
very existence the north blades
the battles are the gods whip
chastisement for our sins let us not
forget the terrace the scratch is from
beyond our world
writes the sky with every full moon
isn't our children into lands unknown
subset Harold a second to conjunction
and which are too cause back into the
light will we find the strength to
banish the mages from our kingdoms you
the warmth of the eternal fire
is the time of the sword and axe
none will fight this war in our stead
nye is the time of madness and disdain